# clean-code-integration-plugin
Sample java 8 maven project that integrates with PMD & checkstyle code analysis plugins using maven default build life cycle

## PMD plugin description 
PMD is a Maven plugin that produces a report on both code rule violations and detected copy and paste fragments, as well as being able to fail the build based on these metrics. 

## How to run  
Either triggering maven plugin directly (mvn pmd:check) Or by registering a goal to the default life cycle phases

Available parameters for the check goal:

    aggregate (Default: false)
      User property: aggregate
      Whether to build an aggregated report at the root, or build individual
      reports.

    excludeFromFailureFile
      User property: pmd.excludeFromFailureFile
      File that lists classes and rules to be excluded from failures. For PMD,
      this is a properties file. For CPD, this is a text file that contains
      comma-separated lists of classes that are allowed to duplicate.

    failOnViolation (Default: true)
      Required: true
      User property: pmd.failOnViolation
      Whether to fail the build if the validation check fails.

    failurePriority (Default: 5)
      Required: true
      User property: pmd.failurePriority
      What priority level to fail the build on. Failures at or above this level
      will stop the build. Anything below will be warnings and will be
      displayed in the build output if verbose=true. Note: Minimum Priority = 5
      Maximum Priority = 0

    printFailingErrors (Default: false)
      User property: pmd.printFailingErrors
      Print details of errors that cause build failure

    skip (Default: false)
      User property: pmd.skip
      Skip the PMD checks. Most useful on the command line via
      '-Dpmd.skip=true'.

    targetDirectory
      Required: true
      User property: project.build.directory
      The location of the XML report to check, as generated by the PMD report.

    verbose (Default: false)
      User property: pmd.verbose
      Print details of check failures to build output.
